📖 add CONTRIBUTOR_LADDER.md (#3094)
kubestellar/kubestellar: CONTRIBUTOR_LADDER.md

| **PRs Merged**                        | ≥ 3                        |
| PR Reviews or Constructive Comments   | ≥ 8                        |
| Community Meeting Attendance          | ≥ 3                        |

All maintainers will be listed in a shared Google Sheet where these metrics are tracked publicly.

---

## 📒 Evaluation and Status

- Evaluations occur every 6 weeks for interns and every 8 weeks for maintainers
- Interns who do not meet the required output may be removed from the program
- Maintainers who fail to meet activity thresholds for 2 consecutive cycles will be reviewed for possible status change
- Contributors may re-enter or regain status based on future contributions

---

## 📊 Metric Tracking

Contribution metrics will be gathered via GitHub API and updated to a public Google Sheet (link TBD). Contributions across the following repos count toward intern and maintainer totals:

- [`kubestellar/kubestellar`](https://github.com/kubestellar/kubestellar)
- [`kubestellar/kubeflex`](https://github.com/kubestellar/kubeflex)
- [`kubestellar/ui`](https://github.com/kubestellar/ui)

---

## 🙋 Join the Pathway

> If you’re interested in becoming an intern or nominating someone, please attend a [KubeStellar Community Meeting](https://github.com/kubestellar/community), or open an issue with the label `maintainer-pathway`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re interested in becoming an intern or nominating someone, please attend our community meeting by joining our google group - [Join KubeStellar](http://kubestellar.io/joinus), or open an issue with the label maintainer-pathway.
```
